>> Erik Reinert: I had actually just
finished going through the main.tf file,
which was really everything
related to the cluster itself.
So now we're going to create a couple of
other files that are related to things
that kind of help the cluster, right?
Right now, if I just provisioned this
based off of what we have in here,
I would really just create
a bunch of compute nodes, right?
I don't have any ingress or
load balancer or anything like that.
So that's what we wanna add next.
Normally when you have
a cluster of any part,
that's a big step away from again,
something like App Runner,
which would be more focused on just
here's your container, run it, right?
When you have a cluster, you're kind of
legoing together this car almost that
you're gonna drive all of
your deployments out with.
And so in this scenario,
we need headlights, we need a frame,
we need doors.
So that's what a lot of these
other components are like.
The load balancer is what lets customers
or requests into the cluster, right?
You just don't get that out of the box,
that's an option you can add later.
So now what we're gonna do is we're gonna
create a file called load_balancer.tf and
this is where all of our load
balancer settings are gonna go, or
all of our load balancer
configurations are gonna go.
As I said before, man, when you take
the ownership of managing infrastructure
at scale, I really do think that it's
coming completely home now to you guys in
the sense of what scale looks like
versus what start-up looks like, right?
We are concerning ourselves with so
many more problems and
things to manage in the scale
world that it's a lot to take on.
And for example, with the load balancer
even we don't just create a load balancer,
we create a security group to make it so
that things can appropriately access
the load balancer and firewall rules and
all this stuff because we
are managing it ourselves.
And so
we create a load balancer security group.
We tell it that, hey, pretty much anything
can access 80 on this load balancer.
There is a small tweak I could
make here if we really wanted to,
which is I could, you'll see that
this is the first time I'm adding
a rule that's focused entirely
on a IP address or CIDR range.
Like up until now we've just
saying security_group_access,
security_group_access.
But this time I'm saying 0.0.0 and
0.0.0, right?
I could if I wanted to pass in
the private security group and say like,
okay, the private security group
can access the load balancer,
for example, but
maybe the database security group can't.
In this scenario, technically, even though
I'm in an internal network, meaning
that this load balancer will be private,
it will not have a public address.
It will mean that anything inside of
my private network will be able to
access it on 80.
So if I didn't want that, I would
tell this security_group_ingres_rule
to accept from the security_group,
not from the IP address, right?
But because it's all private and
I don't really care about adding and
passing down another variable.
Like we said, we have to add variable
entries, pass it down, all that stuff.
I was just like, eh, we'll just do 80.
It's not that big of a deal.
So then after we have our
security_group_ingress and egress rule,
we then have our load balancer itself and
so
we can add a couple of things
like your idle_timeout.
So basically I'm saying
a request can stay open up to
300 seconds before we cancel it, right?
I'm telling it that it's
an internal load balancer, right?
Internal, true.
That means again that it will not be
provisioned in public subnets and
it will also not be given
a public IP address either.
So this is a truly internal private
load balancer, load_balancer_type,
application, preserve_host_header, false.
And then subnets are the subnets
that we provide it via
the var in the module itself,
security_groups, right?
In this case, what we're doing is
we're telling the load_balancer, hey,
you have the access to your main
load balancer security_group,
but if we wanna add any other ones to it,
we can.
So if we wanna add here,
if we want to add the security group,
the private security group, we could, and
then they would be able to connect to each
other through the private security groups,
kind of making this one not even
needed anymore to be honest.
Or this ingress rule not even needed
anymore to be honest, but anyways.
So again with load balancers,
even on Amazon, it's not just like,
here's a load balancer, you're done.
You have to create listeners and
target groups and
all of this other stuff to finally get
that request to that load balancer.
After we create the load balancer,
we create what's called a listener,
meaning that the load balancer,
by itself doesn't actually listen at all.
We need to tell it what port
we want it to listen on,
what protocol we want it to use,
what's the default response.
And so that's what we're doing here.
After we create the load balancer
we're actually telling Amazon, hey,
now create a listener
on that load balancer.
The listener port is port 80.
It's an HTTP protocol and
if the listener doesn't know how to
respond to the request then by default
give it a 404 not found, right?
And so this will make it so that by
default if somebody tries accessing this
load balancer they now can access
it over port 80 and if the request
doesn't get fulfilled properly it will
go to a 404 not found response and
that's the load balancer.
Again, I hope you understand why
modules can be so powerful [LAUGH].
There's just so
much less you have to write when you're
not using the resources directly.